culture.teuton=Teuton

goal.extractdyegreen=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightblue=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightgray=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyemagenta=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeorange=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyepink=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyered=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeyellow=Extracting Dye

goal.makeglasspane=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanegreen=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanelightblue=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanelightgreen=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanemagenta=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspaneorange=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanepink=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspanered=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglasspaneyellow=Crafting Glass pane
goal.makeglassbottleteut=Crafting Glass Bottle

goal.makegoldboots=Crafting Gloden Boots
goal.makegoldchest=Crafting Golden Chestplate
goal.makegoldhelmet=Crafting Golden Helmet
goal.makegoldlegs=Crafting Golden Leggings
goal.makegoldsword=Crafting Golden Sword
goal.maketeutonhelm=Crafting Teutonic Full Helm
goal.maketeutonchest=Crafting Teutonic Chestplate
goal.maketeutonlegs=Crafting Teutonic Greaves
goal.maketeutonboots=Crafting Teutonic Boots
goal.maketeutonsword=Crafting Teutonic Sword

goal.makepolishedwoodacacia=Polishing Timber
goal.makepolishedwoodbirch=Polishing Timber
goal.makepolishedwooddarkoak=Polishing Timber
goal.makepolishedwoodjungle=Polishing Timber
goal.makepolishedwoodoak=Polishing Timber
goal.makepolishedwoodpine=Polishing Timber

goal.makepolishedplanksacacia=Polishing Planks
goal.makepolishedplanksbirch=Polishing Planks
goal.makepolishedplanksdarkoak=Polishing Planks
goal.makepolishedplanksjungle=Polishing Planks
goal.makepolishedplanksoak=Polishing Planks
goal.makepolishedplankspine=Polishing Planks

goal.makepolishedstone=Polishing Stone
goal.makeengravedstone=Engraving Stone
goal.makefinestone=Refining Stone
goal.makepackedcobble=Packing Cobble
goal.makeplanks=Crafting Planks