// Vanilla
// water or otherwise unusable?
biome=Deep Ocean	
biome=FrozenOcean			
biome=FrozenRiver
biome=Ice Plains Spikes	
biome=Ocean
biome=River		

// flat-areas and clearish
biome=Beach	
biome=Cold Beach
biome=Desert
biome=Desert M	
biome=Ice Plains
biome=Mesa
biome=Mesa (Bryce)			
biome=Mesa Plateau			
biome=Mesa Plateau F	
biome=Mesa Plateau F M	
biome=Mesa Plateau M			
biome=MushroomIsland
biome=MushroomIslandShore			
biome=Plains
biome=Savanna			
biome=Savanna M			
biome=Savanna Plateau		
biome=Savanna Plateau M	
biome=Stone Beach			
biome=Sunflower Plains
biome=Swampland	
biome=Swampland M	

// Land with lots of trees 
biome=Birch Forest
biome=Birch Forest M	
biome=Cold Taiga	
biome=Cold Taiga	
biome=Dark Forest			
biome=Dark Forest Center
biome=Flower Forest	
biome=Forest			
biome=Jungle			
biome=Jungle M			
biome=JungleEdge
biome=JungleEdge M	
biome=Mega Spruce Taiga			
biome=Mega Taiga			
biome=Roofed Forest			
biome=Roofed Forest M	
biome=Snowy Forest
biome=Taiga			
biome=Taiga			
biome=Taiga M		

// Land hills
biome=Birch Forest Hills	
biome=Birch Forest Hills M			
biome=DesertHills			
biome=Extreme Hills			
biome=Extreme Hills+			
biome=ForestHills			
biome=Ice Mountains			
biome=JungleHills	
biome=Extreme Hills M			
biome=Extreme Hills+ M
biome=Redwood Taiga Hills M			
biome=Cold Taiga M		
biome=Mega Taiga Hills			
biome=Extreme Hills Edge			
biome=Cold Taiga Hills			
biome=TaigaHills	



// Not Dimm1 - unusable?
Hell	
The End			
The Void			

		
// mod flat & clearish		

biome=Twilight Clearing
biome=Twilight Swamp
biome=Oak Savanna
biome=Twilight Stream
biome=Fire Swamp
biome=Twilight Swamp

// mod trees

biome=Deep Mushroom Forest			
biome=Dense Twilight Forest			
biome=Enchanted Forest
biome=Firefly Forest
biome=Mushroom Forest
biome=Twilight Forest


// mod no go
Thornlands		
Twilight Glacier			
Twilight Highlands	
Highlands Center		
Twilight Lake
		
		
			
		
		
			
		
	
			
		
			
		
			
		
