goal.plantaloe_vera=Planting aloe vera
goal.harvestaloe_vera=Harvesting aloe vera
goal.plantblood_orchid=Planting blood orchid
goal.harvestblood_orchid=Harvesting blood orchid
goal.plantchamomile=Planting chamomile
goal.harvestchamomile=Harvesting chamomile
goal.plantchili_pepper=Planting chili_pepper
goal.harvestchili_pepper=Harvesting chili pepper
goal.plantcloudsbluff=Planting cloudsbluff
goal.harvestcloudsbluff=Harvesting cloudsbluff 
goal.plantcohosh=Planting cohosh
goal.harvestcohosh=Harvesting cohosh
goal.plantcore_root=Planting cor root
goal.harvestcore_root=Harvesting core root
goal.plantdeathstalk_mushroom=Planting deathstalk mushroom
goal.harvestdeathstalk_mushroom=Harvesting deathstalk mushroom
goal.plantginseng=Planting ginseng
goal.harvestginseng=Harvesting ginseng
goal.planthorsetail=Planting horsetail
goal.harvesthorsetail=Harvesting horsetail
goal.plantmarsh_mallow=Planting marsh_mallow
goal.harvestmarsh_mallow=Harvesting marsh_mallow
goal.plantmooncap_mushroom=Planting mooncap mushroom
goal.harvestmooncap_mushroom=Harvesting mooncap mushroom
goal.plantwind_thistle=Planting wind_thistle
goal.harvestwind_thistle=Harvesting wind_thistle