//Item key;item id;item meta;label (indicative only)

waterbucket;minecraft:water_bucket;0;Water Bucket
full_bottle;minecraft:potion;0;Water Bottle
swift_potion;minecraft:potion;8194;Swift Potion
strength_potion;minecraft:potion;8265;Strength Potion
healing_potion;minecraft:potion;8197;Health Potion I
sugar;minecraft:sugar;0;Sugar
blazepowder;minecraft:blaze_powder;0;Blaze Powder
blazerod;minecraft:blaze_rod;0;Blaze Rod	
// spell_book;wizardry:spell_book;1;Spell Book // doesn't work, who knows why?
magic_crystal;ebwizardry:magic_crystal;0;Magic Crystal
magic_silk;ebwizardry:magic_silk;0;Magic Silk
scroll_126;ebwizardry:scroll;126;Ice Lance

// wizard gear 
wizard_hat;ebwizardry:wizard_hat;0;Wizard Hat
wizard_robe;ebwizardry:wizard_robe;0;Wizard Robe
wizard_boots;ebwizardry:wizard_boots;0;Wizard Boots
wizard_leggings;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings;0;Wizard Pants

wizard_hat_lightning;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_lightning;0;Storm Mage Hat
wizard_robe_lightning;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_lightning;0;Storm Mage Robe
wizard_boots_lightning;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_lightning;0;Storm Mage Boots
wizard_leggings_lightning;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_lightning;0;Storm Mage Pants

wizard_hat_sorcery;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_sorcery;0;Sorcerer Hat
wizard_robe_sorcery;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_sorcery;0;Sorcerer Robe
wizard_boots_sorcery;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_sorcery;0;Sorcerer Boots
wizard_leggings_sorcery;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_sorcery;0;Sorcerer Pants

wizard_hat_fire;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_fire;0;Pyromancer Hat
wizard_robe_fire;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_fire;0;Pyromancer Robe
wizard_boots_fire;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_fire;0;Pyromancer Boots
wizard_leggings_fire;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_fire;0;Pyromancer Pants

wizard_hat_ice;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_ice;0;Ice Mage Hat
wizard_robe_ice;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_ice;0;Ice Mage Robe
wizard_boots_ice;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_ice;0;Ice Mage Boots
wizard_leggings_ice;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_ice;0;Ice Mage Pants

wizard_hat_necromancy;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_necromancy;0;Necromancer Hat
wizard_robe_necromancy;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_necromancy;0;Necromancer Robe
wizard_boots_necromancy;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_necromancy;0;Necromancer Boots
wizard_leggings_necromancy;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_necromancy;0;Necromancer Pants

wizard_hat_earth;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_earth;0;Earth Mage Hat
wizard_robe_earth;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_earth;0;Earth Mage Robe
wizard_boots_earth;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_earth;0;Earth Mage Boots
wizard_leggings_earth;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_earth;0;Earth Mage Pants

wizard_hat_healing;ebwizardry:wizard_hat_healing;0;Healer Hat
wizard_robe_healing;ebwizardry:wizard_robe_healing;0;Healer Robe
wizard_boots_healing;ebwizardry:wizard_boots_healing;0;Healer Boots
wizard_leggings_healing;ebwizardry:wizard_leggings_healing;0;Healer Pants

magic_wand;ebwizardry:magic_wand;0;Magic Wand